Python: Update the documentation (#1830)
Semmle/ql: docs/language/learn-ql/python/introduce-libraries-python.rst

-  `ControlFlowNode <https://help.semmle.com/qldoc/python/semmle/python/Flow.qll/type.Flow$ControlFlowNode.html>`__ – A control-flow node. There is a one-to-many relation between AST nodes and control-flow nodes.
-  `BasicBlock <https://help.semmle.com/qldoc/python/semmle/python/Flow.qll/type.Flow$BasicBlock.html>`__ – A non branching list of control-flow nodes.

Type-inference classes
----------------------

The QL library for Python also supplies some classes for accessing the inferred types of values. The classes ``Value`` and ``ClassValue`` allow you to query the possible classes that an expression may have at runtime. For example, which ``ClassValue``\ s are iterable can be determined using the query:

> **Find iterable ``ClassValue``\ s**

Reviewer: This is wrong in the currently published version too. RST doesn't allow you to nest formatting. So you cannot have code text within bold formatting.

Recommend changing the backticks to double quotes, as seen elsewhere in this document.

```suggestion
**Find iterable "ClassValue"s**
```

.. code-block:: ql

   import python

   from ClassValue cls
   where cls.hasAttribute("__iter__")
   select cls

➤ `See this in the query console <https://lgtm.com/query/5151030165280978402/>`__ This query returns a list of classes for the projects analyzed. If you want to include the results for `builtin classes <http://docs.python.org/library/stdtypes.html>`__, which do not have any Python source code, show the non-source results.

Summary
~~~~~~~

-  `Value <https://help.semmle.com/qldoc/python/semmle/python/objects/ObjectAPI.qll/type.ObjectAPI$Value.html>`__

   -  ``ClassValue``
   -  ``CallableValue``
   -  ``ModuleValue``

These classes are explained in more detail in :doc:`Tutorial: Points-to analysis and type inference <pointsto-type-infer>`.

Taint-tracking classes
----------------------

> The QL library for Python also supplies classes to specify taint-tracking analyses. The ``Configuration`` class can be overrridden to specify a taint-tracking analysis, by specifying source, sinks, sanitizers adn additional flwo steps. For those analyses that require additional types of taint to be tracked the ``TaintKind`` class can be overridden.

Reviewer: typos:
```suggestion
The QL library for Python also supplies classes to specify taint-tracking analyses. The ``Configuration`` class can be overridden to specify a taint-tracking analysis, by specifying source, sinks, sanitizers and additional flow steps. For those analyses that require additional types of taint to be tracked the ``TaintKind`` class can be overridden.
```
